I fell its my moral responsibility to let you know that we download games the naughty way, which caused a lot of this problems and if you think that's its wrong, and Linux gaming should not cater to this community, well close the video. I don't give a dam.

Recap; native packages that don't work; bad permission management by flatpak creator;  And tutorial on how to play games downloaded from naughty websites.

 1 month ago I decided I wanted to play Batman: Arkham Knight, which I downloaded form a naughty websites; the websites provides you with a steup.exe which you need to run to decompress the game files. Initially I downloaded lutrus and for some unknown reason it totally failed to run the setup.exe file. After search in Reddit I found that most people that download form naughty websites use wine directly using wine bottles. This gave me new hope.

But when did things ever go as expected on Linux. I initially download the wine bottles GUI from fedora native store using dnf. And It go stuck in the greeting screen. After searching I found out it was a know issue for which a patch has already been merged. I kind of broke down and gave up. Again after 7 days I was back, this time I downloaded the Flatpak, and at lest I got passed the greeting screen. I added my setup.exe file into the menu and was surprised that It worked. I was happy but is only lasted like for 2s. because when I went on selecting were to install the game. I could not find the path to my home Dir and all the other location failed to installing saying not enough memory space. I gave up again for 4 more days, then again with a lot, a lot  of back and forth trying to install the native package and uninstalling and reinstalling the flatpak, after so much of rocket science I started to get some idea, and understood that flatpak was struggling because it did not have proper file permission to my home Dir. I diced to ask perplexity. Lucky it split out a cmd and wallah, the flatpak starting showing my home Dir, in the setup install location. and the game finally installed.

## Tutorial
Before you download open you search engine and search "your game name support in wine/proton Reddit" this will give you idea if the game you are trying to install dose it even work or not! Next go to the favourite naughty website and download the game Now install this flatpak using `flatpak install flathub com.usebottles.bottles` , and run this command `flatpak override --user --filesystem=home com.usebottles.bottles` to give the flatpak permission to use your home Dir, next open the bottles application, click on this burger icon, top-right of the screen. Then select preference > runner > Wine GE and download the latest version, close the window. Click on the Plus icons at top-left corner of your screen to create a new bottle. This bottle is a collection of config files, that lets wine know how to behave. Give it a name > select gaming > click on create. This will create a row with the name of your bottle, click on it to open. Now click on add shortcut > select the location of your exe > click on the triangle button.

After the setup runs, you will need to change the wine-runner to `wine GE` for much better performance while gaming. Click on Settings > Runner > wine-ge-*